1) What problems did you have creating your solution?

One of the problems I have when designing my program was accessing data within the listeners. I had to solve the problem
by creating a constructor for the listeners that allowed the main program to pass in instance data to the button. I also
had trouble with taking care of the many different ways that one would try to click the button. I had to solve each one 
in a different way.

2) What did you learn by doing this project?

I learned a lot of cool new tricks in Java. One of the tricks is the Robot object, which can do some cool things like 
pause the program thread and move the mouse around. I also learned the usefulness of static variables in a class. There 
were a lot of times where I needed to access or change a variable in one class from another class, so I just made it 
static and then passed it over using ClassName.variable. Along with that, I learned a lot about different kinds of 
listeners. There are window listeners, mouse listeners, mouse motion listeners, button listeners, and more.

3) If you were going to start over, how might you do this differently?

I thought I put it together pretty well, but if I was going to start over, I would have made it so that each button 
didn't have their own mouse listener, but that the panel itself was a mouse motion listener, and it worked using
coordinates of the mouse instead of the position on the array of buttons. I would have also not focused as much of my
time on figuring out how to update the window every second with the alternate stream. That was a waste of my time and
I could have just made it update every time the user moved the mouse.

4) If I gave you more time to work, list 2 additional parts to this program that you will add to enhance it.

I would make it so that there was more than one cheat code to let you win. I would also make it so that if the user
filled the entire board and got to the last button, it would move to a level 2, which would be harder in some way.
Along with that, I would also optimize the code and remove unneccessary lines, because my code is always ridiculously
long and convoluted. Finally, I would make it so that more things changed colors and there were ways for the clicked
spaces to interact with the red button. For example, every single time you click and come close, the red button lands
somewhere else and makes the effect of it landing with impact by moving the buttons around it.